https://www.surlatable.com/product/REC-236627/Pizza+alla+Siciliana+-+Pizza+Sicilian+Style

Serves: 10

Ingredients:
3 cups warm water
2½ oz fresh yeast
3½ lbs durum wheat flour
1 oz Black olives
¼ cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil

2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 medium onions, thinly sliced
2 clove garlic
28 oz Peeled Cherry Tomatoes
Salt and pepper, to taste
5.3 oz anchovy
5.3 oz Pecorino cheese

Steps:
1. Pizza stones improve the crust of pizza and breads. Always preheat your oven and stone before baking pizza. Roll dough from the center outwards so the dough spreads evenly. Season your pizza stone by rubbing a light layer of olive oil over it with a paper towel and letting it sit for about an hour. Once the porous stone absorbs the oil, you can use the stone as usual. The porous nature of your stone means that it will absorb everything that touches it, including soaps and detergents. It is very important not to use soap when cleaning your stone. Clean with a stiff brush and some water to brush away any particles. 

2. Dough: In a measuring cup stir together water and yeast until yeast is dissolved. In a large bowl whisk together flour and salt, olive oil and add yeast mixture, stirring until a soft dough forms. On a lightly floured surface knead dough until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Let dough rest for 1 hour. 

3. Topping: Place pizza stone the oven and preheat oven to 475°F. The stone needs to heat in the oven for 30 minutes to 1 hour before baking pizza. 

4. While dough is resting, in a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium high heat and sauté onions for about 8-10 minutes until onions are soft. Add garlic and tomatoes to the onions and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook mixture for 15 to 20 minutes, until tomatoes breakdown and sauce is aromatic. 

5. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin, stretching corners with your hands to form a ¼-inch thick, 12 inch round. (Dough will be easier to roll out as it warms.) Transfer to a floured pizza peel and top lightly with sauce, anchovies, cheese and drizzle with a few drops of Extra Virgin Olive Oil Monti Iblei DOP Academia Barilla, to taste. Bake pizza 15 to 20 minutes, or until dough is crisp and browned; transfer with pizza peel to a cutting board. 